GENERAL UI/UX	STATUS	PRIORITY
Resizeable HUD window overall like the way you can resize chat window	COMPLETE	n/a
Moveable/scalable UI element with some basic font options	COMPLETE	n/a
Checkboxes for which UI elements you want to show	COMPLETE	n/a
Collapsible groups	COMPLETE	n/a
Option to show/hide headers	COMPLETE	n/a
Hide in combat/raid option	COMPLETE	n/a
Make locking icon more obvious - currently too small and inconspicuous	COMPLETE	n/a
Reset all to default button - default position should be top left below where character pane shows in default WoW UI config	COMPLETE	n/a
More tooltips on menu options to help explain to novices	COMPLETE	n/a
Add Reload UI button to bottom of menu	COMPLETE	n/a
Add a tooltip to the Cogwheel on the hud to read "Open Menu Settings".	COMPLETE	n/a
ID options for Achievement ID, Quest ID, Macro ID are not obviously useful and don't show where i'd expect, consider removing.	COMPLETE	n/a
Add ability to modify opacity	COMPLETE	n/a
Remove the indent to sub-group items that shows when group headers are enabled to save on HUD width (but keep the +/- icons)	COMPLETE	n/a
Add some default visibility configurations as button options in the menu - e.g. "Default", "All Enabled", "Essentials", "Farmer", "Flipper"	INCOMPLETE	MEDIUM
When locking the HUD, this causes the tracker bars (when "sticky") to move up very slightly from their set positions (because when unlocked the main HUD has a small drag anchor in the bottom right, which dissapears when the frame is locked, thereby reducing its height by a few pixels). Positioning needs to remain consistent whether the frame is locked or not	INCOMPLETE	LOW
		
CHARACTER & SERVER		
Change section title in HD and Options from Character to "Character and Server"	COMPLETE	n/a
Character Name & Class icon	COMPLETE	n/a
Current Realm Name	COMPLETE	n/a
Has warband access (Yes/no)	COMPLETE	n/a
Current movement speed (a la monkeyspeed) - for use when you're wearing a speed set. Have had a request to change this to 3 decimal places display if possible, to investigate.	COMPLETE	n/a
Display Shard ID after server name. And add option to show/hide in menu	COMPLETE	n/a
Add a custom label that is saved in the account state, a label to identify which Account this is (e.g. WOW1) - menu option off by default	COMPLETE	n/a
Add Class Spec Icon	INCOMPLETE	LOW
XP Tracking functionality - Lower Priority - and also perhaps separate module	INCOMPLETE	LOW
When displayed, make chacter and server copy to the clipboard (to make it easier for people to copy that name into clipboard for invites). Format shuld be Character-Server with no spaces. 	INCOMPLETE	LOW
		
GOLD & ECONOMY		
Current Character Gold	COMPLETE	n/a
Current Warband Gold	COMPLETE	n/a
Add gold Earned (session)	COMPLETE	n/a
Reset Session button	COMPLETE	n/a
Pause Session button	COMPLETE	n/a
"Enhance gold tracking with 2 options: Simple vs Detailed view for gold tracking, selectable in menu. 
Detailed version to look more like this, whilst retaining the yellow gold icons where relevant and showing the net in red when below zero, and in green when above zero. Also note the replacement of the word Session with a clock icon.  The · symbol shown below represents the current gold icon we're using.
[Gold & Economy]
Char: 132,396   WB: 1,234,567  Guild: 820,000
⏱ 42m  Start: 123,456·  Current: 132,396·  (12,320·/h)
Earned:14,200·  Spent:5.300·  Net: 8,000·
Token: 255,000·  ▲"	COMPLETE	n/a
When gold tracking is set to simple mode, change the earnt and gold per hour values to show as green if positive, red if negative (white if unchanged). Also change gold per hour in detailed mode in the same fashion.	INCOMPLETE	MEDIUM
Add an additional indicator to show session is paused (icon and clock turn red) either due to AFK or the user pressing the pause session button. Working for manual pause, AFK pause still need implementing, accompanying message in chat works, for AFK, chat should also output a message for "Session Paused - AFK", and "Session Resumed - No longer AFK".	PARTIALLY COMPLETE	MEDIUM
Current Token price + recent trend indicator, recent trend indicator could do with modification, tolerances are too strict now and the arrow only shows in the case of extreme swings. Indicator should also have a tooltip to show what's being shown when it's visible.	COMPLETE	n/a
"Total Auction Value" - Posted AH Value (based on chosen TSM value source), disabled by default, requires TSM.	COMPLETE	n/a
Number of posted auctions (based on TSM data), disabled by default, requires TSM.	COMPLETE	n/a
Although the menu option exists, support for custom TSM price strings does not appear to be working properly, remove for now, implement at low priority at a later date.	INCOMPLETE	LOW
When auctions sell - list the sold auction value next to posted auctions in the HUD until you loot the mailbox (then it will be counted in the earned right?)	INCOMPLETE	LOW
		
INVENTORY & CURRENCY		
Free bag slots	COMPLETE	n/a
Free bag slots turn red when full	COMPLETE	n/a
Bag Value (based on chosen TSM value source) - need to add vendor value as an option	COMPLETE	n/a
Change bag slot tracking to cover both Bag and Reagent bag space separately	COMPLETE	n/a
Item tracker bar not hiding in raid when option is selected	COMPLETE	n/a
Add "Looted Item Value" (per session calculation, using the same session and constraints as gold tracking per session - along with related menu option (default enabled). Positioning should be before Bag value	COMPLETE	n/a
Add option to also track items in inventory+warband bank+personal bank	COMPLETE	n/a
		
UTILITY BAR		
Clickable buttons for warband bank,mailbox,brutos, vendor mount	COMPLETE	n/a
Change default bank access to Warband - (Will conflict with various bag addons)	COMPLETE	n/a
Hearthstone/Dal HS/Garrison HS/Portal Buttons/dropdowns for quick travel	COMPLETE	n/a
Make MOLL-E show if Katy/Perch are on CD and you have engineering.	COMPLETE	n/a
BUG: Katy stampwhistle CD shows when the toy is used, but the icon on the bar is not clickable	COMPLETE	n/a
Grey overlay and different informational tooltip added to Utility icons when they are not usable by the character in question (e.g. doesn’t own the toy or hearthstone, or doesn’t have rep for Mobile Banking).	COMPLETE	n/a
Improve menu to allow for selection of individual Utility buttons	COMPLETE	n/a
Add Housing Teleport  button - Note that "Return to Previous Location" is not supported - too complicated to be worth the effort for the time being.	COMPLETE	n/a
Add logout button	COMPLETE	n/a
AH Mount and Vendor Mount Support on Utility Bar	COMPLETE	n/a
Add shift+right click functionality to allow users to quickly remove buttons from the utility bar in a similar fashion to removal of items and currencies from their respective bars	COMPLETE	n/a
Add reload button to the right of Logout button (disabled by default)	COMPLETE	n/a
Add Cooking Pets/spells to utility bar - Checks 1) Char has cooking 2) Prio list - Lil’ Ragnaros > Pierre > Crystalline Campfire > Cozy Bonfire > Maruuk Cooking Pot > Muckpool Cookpot > Steamworks Sausage Grill > Eternal Kiln > Felflame Campfire > Grim Campfire > Leylight Brazier > Little Wickerman > Cooking Fire	INCOMPLETE	LOW
Add Portable Anvil to utility bar - Alvin (pet) > Thermal Anvil (item)	INCOMPLETE	LOW
Lumber tracking (On/Off)	INCOMPLETE	LOW
Instance reset button -> Create a group, listed it, and leave the group, for fast reset of instances, one action per press	INCOMPLETE	LOW
Invite/leave buttons for easyparty?	INCOMPLETE	LOW
		
ITEM TRACKER BAR		
Collection/Tracking of specified materials by item ID with icons	COMPLETE	n/a
Modify fonts to make number of items more visible on item tracking icons	COMPLETE	n/a
Add anchor or make frame more obvious for item/currency tracking - small icon representing items	COMPLETE	n/a
Items dragable onto tracking bar	COMPLETE	n/a
Added icon in the tracker toolbar which shows when nothing is being tracked, shows adding instructions on hover	COMPLETE	n/a
Make item quality also show in item tracker toolbar where relevant (just shows basic item icon at the moment) - e.g. Bismuth rank 3	COMPLETE	n/a
Display value as well as number of tracked items (based on chosen price source) - see https://wago.io/ePkU0SnDg	COMPLETE	n/a
Create 2nd row of item tracking after 8 items - Not priority/not required?	INCOMPLETE	LOW
		
CURRENCY TRACKER BAR		
Create Functionality that largely replicates item tracking, but for currency tracking (adding currently not working, getting "Goblin Toolbox: could not identify item from input" in chat when I attempt to add a currency to tracing using /gtb add	COMPLETE	n/a
Collection/Tracking of specified currencies by item ID with icons - Separate Bar 	COMPLETE	n/a
		
OPTIONS MENU		
Add author and version number to Menu screen	COMPLETE	n/a
Add ability to select / deselect display of utility buttons	COMPLETE	n/a
Subdivide menu with more options to enable/disable distinct elements	COMPLETE	n/a
Change the title of the menu option "Warbank" under Inventory to read "Has Warbank Access"	COMPLETE	n/a
Menu option for "Session preferences" - Session persists on logout, session resets on logout - Menu option exists, but functionality not working session resets on logout even with option ticked	COMPLETE	n/a
		
		
CURRENT BUGS		
Minor bug - if utility bar is enabled when in combat and spamming combat abilities, cooldown swirlies appear on hearthstone icons every 1 second or so (perhaps ever global cooldown?), this should not happen. ---- Hmm this seems to happen sometimes, but not always, requires further investigation. Same session but a few minutes later (after a dungeon, back in the open world, swirly effect is no longer happening in combat).	INCOMPLETE	MEDIUM
"One user reported an issue with addon action blocked, They report that (in their words) : ""When I’m using the addon I can’t add pets to my collection, I am getting a blocked message and wow asks to disable the addon to continue the task being blocked. "" This is a message I also sometimes see periodically when running lots of addons, and it does not typically throw out a detailed error message, so is hard to diagnose. I have tried to replicate the issue on my game client, but without any luck, I can add pets to the pet journal no problem. ChatGPT gave the following advice:

What your tester is describing is the classic WoW “protected action blocked” / taint symptom: some code path becomes “tainted,” and later (sometimes much later, and sometimes in a totally different UI) Blizzard blocks a protected action and shows the generic popup offering to disable an addon. The popup is not reliably specific; it can blame the wrong addon in multi-addon setups.

In Goblin Toolbox’s current codebase, there are two high-probability taint triggers that can plausibly “poison” unrelated UI actions (including learning/adding pets), even if the addon never touches the Pet Journal directly.

1) Warband bank auto-switch uses a simulated click on Blizzard UI

Your addon programmatically clicks the Warband Bank tab/button via btn:Click() inside TryAutoSwitchToWarbandBank.

Simulating clicks on Blizzard UI elements is a well-known taint risk, because many of those buttons are protected/secure (or call into protected paths). Even if it “works” sometimes, it can contaminate execution paths and later block unrelated protected actions.

Why this fits your symptom pattern: the tester may only notice the issue when doing something else “protected” (like learning a pet from an item, moving pets in certain Collection UI flows, etc.). Taint persists until reload.

Immediate mitigation (recommended): disable/remove the auto-switch feature (or rework it so it never calls :Click() on Blizzard frames).

2) Housing teleport calls a restricted C_Housing API from addon code

Your addon defines a global helper that calls C_Housing.TeleportHome(...).

As of patch 12.0.0 (The War Within era), Blizzard explicitly restricted VisitHouse / TeleportHome / ReturnAfterVisitingHouse from being called by addons, and indicates they require new secure mechanisms (“secure action delegates”).

So if that utility action is enabled/used by a tester, it can generate exactly the kind of blocked-action popup you’re hearing about, and can also contribute to “addon feels like it breaks random stuff” reports.

Immediate mitigation (recommended): remove/disable that action until it’s implemented via Blizzard’s sanctioned secure mechanism (or drop the feature).

The fastest way to confirm the real cause: collect taint.log

Without a taint log, you are guessing. With the taint log, you can usually identify the specific protected function being blocked and the originating taint source.

Ask the tester to do this sequence precisely (important detail: the log is overwritten on restart):

In-game:
/console taintLog 1

Exit WoW completely

Start WoW again, reproduce the issue (learn a pet / do the action that triggers the popup)

Quit WoW

Send you the file:
World of Warcraft/_retail_/Logs/taint.log (copy it immediately before next launch)

If they can also screenshot the popup (sometimes it includes the blocked function name), that helps, but the taint log is the real diagnostic artifact.

Practical isolation steps you can give the tester (low effort)

Re-test with only Goblin Toolbox enabled (everything else off).

If it disappears, the popup blaming GTB may be misattribution or cross-addon taint propagation.

If still present with only GTB:

Ensure “Prefer Warband Bank on Open” is OFF (the auto-switch path).

Ensure Housing Teleport utility is OFF / not used.

This will quickly tell you whether either feature correlates with the problem.

Guidance to feed to Claude Code (targeted, minimal-risk)

GoblinToolbox.lua

Remove or hard-disable the btn:Click() logic inside TryAutoSwitchToWarbandBank.

If you want to preserve UX, replace with a non-invasive hint (e.g., print a one-time message “Warband Bank tab available” or highlight your own button), but do not programmatically switch Blizzard tabs.

UtilityBar.lua

Remove/disable the GoblinToolbox_HousingTeleport() implementation that calls C_Housing.TeleportHome.

Add a comment noting the 12.0.0 restriction and that a secure-delegate-based implementation is needed."	INCOMPLETE	MEDIUM
"Shift + Right click is the default to remove abilities from the Utility bar, but for both this also TRIGGERS the ability for most of them, which isn't so bad for abilities that have a cast time (as you can cancel by moving), but for relog and logout buttons, the action happens (even if you were trying to remove the ability). The same applies with middle click and any Left click+modifiers, can we prevent this somehow? Suggestion from ChatGPT as follows: Goal

UtilityBar buttons currently execute the secure action on mouse down (RegisterForClicks(""AnyDown"")). Your remove gesture runs on mouse up (OnMouseUp). So Shift+Right-click both fires the action and then removes the icon.

Fix: explicitly disable secure actions for non-left buttons and modifier combinations via secure attributes, using false (not nil) so the secure system does not fall back to the generic type.

Where to change

File: UtilityBar.lua

Functions:

CreateUtilityButton(...) (optional: apply guards once on creation)

SetupUtilityButton(btn, def, resolvedItemID) (recommended: re-apply guards after setting action attributes)

Implementation guidance (what to add)

Add a small helper near the “Button setup” section:

It should do nothing in combat (if InCombatLockdown() then return end).

It should set these attributes to false:

Disable non-left mouse buttons:

type2=false (Right)

type3=false (Middle)

optionally type4=false, type5=false (extra buttons)

Disable modifier variants that currently trigger actions:

For each modifier: shift, ctrl, alt

Disable generic modifier action: shift-type=false (and ctrl/alt equivalents)

Disable modifier + button variants (most important ones):

shift-type1=false (Shift+Left)

shift-type2=false (Shift+Right) ← critical so it can’t fall back to type

shift-type3=false (Shift+Middle)

repeat for ctrl/alt

Key point to Claude: use false, not nil, because nil can allow fallback to type and still execute the action.

Call the helper at the end of SetupUtilityButton(), after the code that sets btn:SetAttribute(""type"", ...), spell, macrotext, item, toy, etc. This ensures every time the button is refreshed, the guards are present.

Optionally also call the helper once in CreateUtilityButton() right after RegisterForClicks(""AnyDown"") / pressAndHoldAction, but the critical place is after attributes are applied in SetupUtilityButton().

Expected behaviour after the change

Left-click: works normally.

Shift + Right-click: does not trigger the action, and still removes the icon via your existing OnMouseUp handler.

Middle-click: does nothing (no accidental activation).

Shift/Ctrl/Alt + Left-click: does nothing (prevents accidental /logout if a mod key is held).

Optional safety (nice-to-have)

In the existing OnMouseUp removal handler, consider adding:

If InCombatLockdown() then show a short message like “Cannot modify Utility Bar during combat” and return.

This avoids any chance of secure-frame update issues if someone tries to remove buttons mid-combat."	INCOMPLETE	MEDIUM
		
FIXED BUGS		
Gold.lua: Gold:Update() was called before the Gold module’s db reference was initialized, causing a nil self.db access at line 265.	COMPLETE	n/a
Combat in instances related bug - I couldn't replicate, but hopefully fixed	COMPLETE	n/a
The tooltips for Drag handles currently obstruct the functionality of tooltips, the bounding box of these tooltips needs to be shrunk, and position moved up and left if possible.	COMPLETE	n/a
When clicking on Pause, the timing of the session pauses, but tracking of gold does not, I'm not sure this logic is correct, when paused, if you loot gold, this should NOT be tracked.	COMPLETE	n/a
Heathstone itcon not working in Utility bar if hearthstone is  in bags. 	COMPLETE	n/a
When users select "Enable HUD" in the menu, the item tracker bar still does not hide (the main hud, utility bar and currency tracker bar do hide properly)	COMPLETE	n/a
Users report that total auction value is not being tallied properly. If a user posts 100 of a commodity item, it (correctly) registers that as 1 item posted, but only displays the value of item x 1, not item x 100. 	COMPLETE	n/a
		
OTHER		
Add Auctionator Price Source Support	INCOMPLETE	MEDIUM
Code Cleanup Pass prior to release - to remove redundant code and bloat	INCOMPLETE	LOW
Rather than having savings simply save across an account, have the ability for users to set profiles that specify HUD elements and tracked items/currencies for different characters - would also need the ability to export/import settings config (text string), to another account.	INCOMPLETE	LOW
For gold tracking, transfers from the player to the guild bank or warband bank should not be considered as earnings/losses for the session. 	INCOMPLETE	MEDIUM
		
PROFESSIONS (PHASED IMPLEMENTATION, DEFERRED UNTIL MIDNIGHT STABILIZES)		
Basic Profession Display – display learned primary professions with current skill level and click-to-open Blizzard profession UI - Probably only Midnight support onwards (at least initially)	INCOMPLETE	LOW
Concentration Display  – optional display of current and max concentration (crafting profs only) with visual indicator for when the bar is full and counter "Time till full".	INCOMPLETE	LOW
Contextual Profession Actions – add profession-specific actions (for example Disenchant) via Utility Bar where relevant - based on check s of what profs the player has	INCOMPLETE	LOW
Track Profession Overload (for mining & herbing)	INCOMPLETE	LOW
Profession Knowledge and Quest Tracking – tracking of profession knowledge sources, weekly activities, or quest-based progression (expansion-specific)	CURRENTLY OUT OF SCOPE	n/a
		
CURRENTLY OUT OF SCOPE		
Add support for more quick travel functionality (dungeon portals/wormhole generator/guild cloak/Earthen Portals/Mage Portals) - I think other addons like Opie and Tome of Teleportation handle this better. The core teleports already work	CURRENTLY OUT OF SCOPE	n/a
Profession Treasure Tracking – tracking of profession-related treasures and knowledge unlock sources (data-heavy, advanced feature) - https://www.curseforge.com/wow/addons/weeklyknowledge/comments will be useful for reference as will Myu's knowledge tracker - https://wago.io/L7lpDrqUO if we every want to try to tackle this.	CURRENTLY OUT OF SCOPE	n/a
Profession Cooldown and Buff Reminders – high-level reminders for reliable profession cooldowns or temporary buffs	CURRENTLY OUT OF SCOPE	n/a
Sales tracker - replicate : https://wago.io/YHKFhrUDt - Split by type (Auction House / Trade /  Crafting orders etc)	CURRENTLY OUT OF SCOPE	n/a
		
		
Addon Notes		
The addon stores a small rolling history of recent WoW Token prices and compares the average of the latest three updates with the average of the three updates before that. An up or down arrow is only shown if the difference between those averages is at least 2,500 gold; otherwise no indicator is displayed.		
Addon only supports English client and retail version of wow at present, with no plans to add support for other game versions at present.		
